imagine being asleep one peaceful
morning birds chirping outside and new
days about to start when suddenly you're
woken up by your friends told that
you're about to be dropped off
blindfolded in a country you know
nothing about and don't speak the
language of then have to find your way
back hours away from where you started
without any money without using maps on
your phone to navigate and without being
able to contact anybody for help all
within 24 hours yeah that sounds pretty
damn hard if you ask me which is why
Matt and I thought it'd be a good idea
to surprise Omar with it this mission is
starting in Budapest Hungary and our
plan is to drop this man off in the
countryside of Slovakia and the only
resource I'll have to find his way back
are the locals
[Music]
oh good start we told you it was mine
today
[Music]
no I no longer see you can't just leave
them are here all day and you won't know
for like during the time I'm still over
consistent like left can't hear anything
you can't see anything and he doesn't
know that we're taking him to Slovakia
[Music]
kind of thing if there's anything needs
to confess to amaur amaur I've been I've
been stealing a fair amount of your
socks so if you're wondering where
they're all gone I've been wearing them
so ridiculous Oh people are looking at
me pretty weird is it this way he
doesn't want to run I'm sorry there's a
step there we're going on a bus buddy
you know just the regular commute yeah
someone helps it he doesn't really know
where we're going what he's gonna take
this thing off he's literally enough to
guess what country I don't even know if
I'm armed knows what the neighboring
countries of Nigeria are it's enough to
find like a local and be like what
country am I we're gonna think he's a
lunatic
I guess Road montage of all the way to
[Music]
Bratislava it's the capital of Slovakia
but it already kind of feels like we're
in the middle of nowhere yeah lava I
think I'll be getting a little worried
for a mom right now
he lost a bet people are very confused
where are you taking me don't worry
buddy you'll figure that out soon enough
[Music]
guys
we're literally dropping a modern on the
countryside of Slovakia
perfect like a random count that sounded
funny this effecti jewel so we thought
we'd drop them off there
took us nearly four hours to get like
who doesn't get that this little town
could be a March they will be a hell of
adventure all right tomorrow your
journey is about to begin
thank you ready so excited are you gonna
count to 100 and you're gonna be able to
start your venture back to Budapest just
get out and let me make it back thank
you you might need it 100 whoa holy
so bright this is a different country
[Music]
what is sk well first of all this is the
longest I've ever spent listening to an
audio book
I'm so confused okay let's ask these
kids she's me guys do you speak English
or are we right now this is where I am
right now one of the rules we set for
this is though I can't use Google Maps
to know where I am and I can't spend
money to get back to Budapest what town
are we in right whereas Slovakia how far
is that from Budapest like is it country
right next to it neighbor Wow alright
thank you buddy do I even start
what is the capital of Slovakia
Bratislava that's the capital and this
is the nearest town for the capital my
two best friends blindfolded me I didn't
know where I was coming and then they
just left yeah and now I have to make it
all the way back to Budapest no money no
money how I have no idea I came up with
this idea a few days ago I was like
gotta make one of one of the guys
flowing into this hungry it's like what
what if it's not tonight
[Music]
maybe I can fly the drone and figure if
there's lucky city centers
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Music]
apparently a wine town and they have a
lot of work to do today there's a big
party in the town tomorrow so this is
gonna be going with them to help them
move a few things and just I guess new
experience let's just do that
okay there's a big party tomorrow night
and they just have to move some stuff so
I thought just make friends yeah they
were very kind to just accept me all
right let's get to work the adventure is
a great start met these guys in a
parking lot as ice flying the drone and
I don't know if I impose myself to come
help them but they were like if they
were down they invited me to another
party tonight that is 50 kilometers away
from where I am and I think I'm gonna
just take them up on it
[Music]
now he's flying the drum just first time
ever playing a drum set
[Music]
all right so andrew is a beginner Harper
yeah let him give me a little faith not
in a thousand years thought that would
get haircuts backyard mister like this
Allegra freestyle
it'll clean up now we're ready for the
party for real thankfully I'm supposed
to go to Budapest but now I'm going 50
kilometres an opposite direction
yes--there style baby
[Music]
thank you for having me you're welcome -
hi I'm gonna check out some B's right
now there's truly a wild turn of events
conferencing I should be very cold
around bees so they don't forget
and
[Music]
Wow right I basically have to check to
the capital right now find a way to get
money for the bus okay
and I just like thank you guys thank you
so much for for all of this I appreciate
it thank you bye
Cheers Thomas back the wrong battery
from each means that I am completely out
of batteries for my main camera which
means that I'm just left with a GoPro
this is where I need to go cars aren't
really stopping this is the first time
I've ever had check of my own but I have
pepper spray just in case anything gets
sketchy
first ever hits right
they make videos around the chapters
just to show people around the world
that
she just get out there and try things
alright I made it to Bratislava the
capital of Slovakia so I'm heading to
the bus station right now and I have no
idea I'm gonna afford the ticket but I'm
hoping that I can get someone on the
spot to just hook it up let's see if
this works I'm gonna go around right now
ask people if they can just give me that
money and hopefully make it on the last
bus tonight
- no symptoms meaning I'm doing a
challenge right now where I have to make
it from selected to be the fashion
without using any money do you have any
a euro or to buy a chance station spare
thank you brother oh thank you thank you
I'm happy or short for my bus ticket do
you have like two years or one year we
have two years to span two years thank
you so much I made it literally five
minutes before that was so close I cut
that very very close I somehow managed
to make eleven and a half years and 20
minutes just from asking to blow the
station because otherwise I'm gonna have
to stay until my man I'm just so glad it
worked out and an incredible day in
Slovakia didn't end up spending a single
penny today now we're here
that's another adventure from you
experiencing next week
much to our surprise amar made it back
to Budapest at 2 a.m. just 14 hours
after were dropped him off based only on
the kindness of strangers I guess next
time he might just have to take him to a
different continent and see if he can
find his way back thank you for watching
this video I just want to take a quick
second to thank our sponsor for this
video
Skillshare Skillshare is the website
where you can learn new skills online
they have over 23,000 classes from
experts from around the world teaching
you everything from entrepreneurship to
design to filmmaking Skillshare is
honestly just an amazing place to get
started if you're trying to learn
something new explore a new hobby or
dive deeper into your favorite topic so
if you're interested in learning a new
skill click the link below the first 500
people that sign up we're gonna get the
first two months and for free you'll get
two months to try it out and if you're
not happy with it it's you breezy to
cancel it without getting charged
anything so if you want to learn new
skill and be a part of the first 500
people I get the first two months for
free make sure you click the link below
and we'll see you next week
[Music]